Update Iglu section (#1787)
snowplow/documentation: docs/api-reference/iglu/iglu-repositories/iglu-server/reference/index.md

---
title: "Iglu Server configuration reference"

> sidebar_label: "Config reference"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: "Configuration"
```
To match others?

date: "2026-05-14"
sidebar_position: 10
description: "Complete reference of all configuration options for Iglu Server, including database, networking, webhooks, and advanced settings."
keywords: ["Iglu Server", "configuration", "schema registry", "Postgres", "HOCON", "self-hosted"]
---

```mdx-code-block
import CdiCallout from "/docs/reusable/iglu-self-hosted-only/_callout.md"

<CdiCallout/>
```

> This is a complete list of the options that can be configured in the Iglu Server HOCON config file. The [example configs on GitHub](https://github.com/snowplow/iglu-server/tree/master/config) show how to prepare an input file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a complete list of the options that can be configured in the Iglu Server HOCON config file. The [examples on GitHub](https://github.com/snowplow/iglu-server/tree/master/config) show how to prepare this file.
```
